Reorganise extension part 2: publish section (#16268)
docker/docs: desktop/extensions-sdk/extensions/publish.md

---

## Submit your extension to the marketplace

Docker Desktop displays published extensions in [the Extensions Marketplace](https://hub.docker.com/search?q=&type=extension){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_" }. The Extensions Marketplace is a curated space where developers can discover extensions to improve their developer experience and propose their own extension to be available for all Desktop users.

If you want to publish your extension in the Marketplace, you can submit your extension [here](https://www.docker.com/products/extensions/submissions/){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_" }.

All extensions submitted to the Extension Marketplace are reviewed and approved by the Docker Extension team before listing. This review process ensures a level of trust, security, and quality for developers using Docker Extensions and allows for extension developers to get feedback.

### Before you submit

Ensure your extension has followed the guidelines outlined in this section before submitting for your extension for review. Docker highly encourage you to check the guidelines as not doing so may considerably impact the duration of the approval process.

> These guidelines don't replace Docker terms of service or guarantee approval. As the Extension Marketplace continues adding new features for both Extension users and publishers, expect that your maintain your extension over time to ensure it stays available in the Marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These guidelines don't replace Docker's terms of service or guarantee approval. As the Extension Marketplace continues adding new features for both Extension users and publishers, expect that you maintain your extension over time to ensure it stays available in the Marketplace.
```
